We're not going into too
much granular detail.
My processes are modeled
after design thinking.
And the converging diverging
flow of activities.
Early on.
I like to ensure all the stakeholders
give their thoughts and the
problem solve and their end goals.
In a workshop format, we can quickly to
get alignment and build early hypothesis.
The next discovery phase.
Exploring these problem spaces.
Casting a wide net.
This can be doing traditional interviews.
Would users are looking at
our current state of the
technology that's implemented.
We will converge these findings into two
or three themes or possible approaches.
Moving into the meat of the design.
We can start doing sketches,
screens prototypes.
Collaborate with.
PMs and engineers to maintain
feasibility and coherency.
Stakeholders are course
updated, has needed.
We then move into specs and high
fidelity into the engineering phase.
I like to do a lot of QA
testing here, actually.
, so to make sure the design vision
is realized within the code.
Then as we approached lunch, the change
management and documentation is happening
with product ops and marketing teams for
launching a new features with our users.